Add Figma Changelog entry for 4.15.0 (#2622)
hashicorp/design-system: packages/components/CHANGELOG-FIGMA-COMPONENTS.md

# [HDS Components UI Kit](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&node-id=2-7&t=YeAupEyKdQqauO1k-1)

> ## December 20th, 2024

Reviewer: [nit] missing a new line
```suggestion

## December 20th, 2024
```

> `IconTile` - Removed the border and updated the colors for improved contrast and to create a cohesive look that aligns better with the surrounding elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`IconTile` - Removed the border and updated the colors for improved contrast and to create a distinctive look that aligns better with the surrounding elements.
```

> # [HDS Product - Components](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components?type=design&node-id=6790-10926&mode=design&t=Ps0aMGZ6F3z7bAJ4-0)

Reviewer: This link points to v1.0. Let's update it to point to v2.0.

```suggestion
# [HDS Components UI Kit](https://www.figma.com/file/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Product---Components?type=design&node-id=6790-10926&mode=design&t=Ps0aMGZ6F3z7bAJ4-0)
```

## December 20th, 2024

> `IconTile` - Visual updates made to the component, including removing the border and updating colors for improved contrast and alignment.

Reviewer 3: I might add "visual" in here because alignment in this context sounds like a layout term.

```suggestion
`IconTile` - Visual updates made to the component, including removing the border and updating colors for improved contrast and visual alignment.
```

> `IconTile` - Visual updates made to the component, including removing the border and updating colors for improved contrast and visual alignment.

Reviewer: The content format needs to match the rest of the release note entries, as outlined in the [best practices](https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HDS/pages/3243114706/Changelog+authoring+best+practices#Templates-for-Figma-changelog-entries).

```suggestion
`IconTile` - Removed the border and updated the colors for improved contrast and visual alignment.
```

Question though...what do you mean by "visual alignment"?

Author: I elaborated on that some more, but what I meant by 'Visual alignment' was to create a cohesive look that aligns better with the surrounding elements.

> `Figma Library 1.0` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support.

Reviewer 3: I'm not 100% sure of the best way to format this, and all of the other release/deprecation notices, but I'll make a suggestion in here that might be appropriate based some of our other comms. Couple of notes:

- You could probably include the link in the backticks, or remove the backtick formatting altogether.
- It seems a bit repetitive to me (though open to other opinions) to have a separate line for each deprecation and release, I think you could probably combine these into a single line.

```suggestion
`[Figma Library v1.0](https://www.figma.com/design/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Components?m=auto&node-id=2-7&t=CPG3tlUvMHeQdEos-1)` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support. Instead, use the `[Figma Library v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&node-id=2-7&t=9BNZJMDOrABsgaJQ-1)`
```

Reviewer: I think the backticks should be removed since it's a file name and not a component name. Usually, we use backticks for components, styles, token names, etc.

I don't think we need the links though. If we want folks to move away from v1.0 I wouldn't direct them to the file. And the link to v2.0 should already be under the section heading, so that feels repetitive.

`Figma Library 2.0` - Released. Figma Library link

`Foundations Library 1.0` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support.

`Foundations Library 2.0` - Released.

`Product Patterns 1.0` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support.

`Product Patterns 2.0` - Released. Figma Library link

`HDS Wireframes` - Released. Figma Library link

> `SideNav` - No longer deprecated due to limited adoption bandwidth and shifting priorities.

Reviewer 3: I might simplify this a little bit.

```suggestion
`SideNav` - No longer deprecated due to adjustments in prioritization.
```

> `[Figma Library v1.0](https://www.figma.com/design/noyY6dUMDYjmySpHcMjhkN/HDS-Components?m=auto&node-id=2-7&t=CPG3tlUvMHeQdEos-1)` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support. Instead, use the `[Figma Library v2.0](https://www.figma.com/design/iweq3r2Pi8xiJfD9e6lOhF/HDS-Components-v2.0?m=auto&node-id=2-7&t=9BNZJMDOrABsgaJQ-1)`
> 
> `Figma Library 2.0` - Released. Figma Library link
> 
> `Foundations Library 1.0` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support.
> 
> `Foundations Library 2.0` - Released.
> 
> `Product Patterns 1.0` - **Deprecated**. It will no longer receive updates or support.
> 
> `Product Patterns 2.0` - Released. Figma Library link

Reviewer: 1. Let's use the official name of the files.
2. Components and Foundations have separate sections in the release notes. Foundation updates should be moved to the Foundations section.
3. We'll need to add a new Patterns section.
4. There was no Patterns 1.0 to deprecate.
5. Let's keep the same formatting throughout.
6. Figma library link is above, so don't think it needs to be duplicated here.

```suggestion
`HDS Components UI Kit v1.0` - **Deprecated** the first version of our components UI kit. It will no longer receive updates or support. 

`HDS Components UI Kit v2.0` - Released a new version of our components UI kit.
```

Reviewer: @andgen404 it looks like a few of these were missed. 

- Foundation updates should be moved to the Foundations section.
- We'll need to add a new Patterns section.

Do you know what needs to be done, or would you like to pair?

> `HDS Wireframes` - Released. Figma Library link

Reviewer: Let's also create a new section for other HDS UI Kits (HDS Wireframes, HDS Utilities, HDS A11y Helper Annotations, etc) and include this line there.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This appears to have been missed.

> `SideNav` - No longer deprecated due to adjustments in prioritization.

Reviewer: Curious what others think, but should we just remove the old line about the component being deprecated from the earlier entry?

Author: Majed, Jory, and I discussed this on Friday (Dec 20th) and agreed that it makes sense to keep this for historical records. However, we should include information about this deprecation in the new releases.

Reviewer: What new releases?

Author: Oh, I meant to add this snippet of information to the Changelog update.
